#Problem
Referring to my "Using the glob module" repository, I found a way to extract desired data from files that exist in subfolders of folders within a directory. Having the data that is needed is a necessary step, but the information is useless without a structure that assumes the data and provides meaning to it. For my world map project I plan on placing nodes as pinpoints on the map based on the lat/long pairs that accompany each mp3 file. I need to find a way to create these nodes and place them into an ordered structure so that they can then be accessed, clustered and ultimately used with the map.
#Questions
Now that I have the data I need in the form of a list of 4-element vectors, what structure can be efficiently used to produce an ordered sequence of nodes to represent lat/long pairs?
Once I have created this sequence of nodes corresponding to lat/long pairs from the mp3 file, how can I go about clustering them in a way that fits geographical regions of the earth?
#About KDTree
KDTree is a function offered by the spatial module of Scipy. A KDTree is a hierarchical tree capable of performing binary space partitioning. KDTrees are very useful in several applications including range searches and nearest neighbor searches. The structure of the KDTree is similar to that of a binary search tree, and any other data tree really. At the lowest level of the tree are children as the leaves, and then parents, and grandparents, and so forth on up the tree. Each node in the tree is a dimensional point, and every non-leaf node serves as a dimensional delimeter that essentially splits a hyperplane into two equal half-spaces
#Relevant sources
[Scipy KDTree](http://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy-0.14.0/reference/generated/scipy.spatial.KDTree.html)

[Overview of KDTree](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-d_tree)

#Mini-Abstract of relevance for [Scipy KDTree]
This Scipy.org page outlines the KDTree class offered by the Scipy.spatial module. This resource shows the usage of KDtree, explains what the class provides, lists parameters (mandatory & optional) and what data types those parameters are expected to be, and also provides errors that the class may raise upon use. This link also provides a list of methods that the class supplies, many of which could serve to be very useful in querying. Also provided is the origin of the algorithm, some notes describing how the algorithm works, and also how the tree is constructed and in what ways it can be queried. This resource is highly relevant to my problem because it offers a way to create a structure that organizes nodes to represent the lat/long pairs of the mp3 files, which is the exact objective I had. This resource is also relevant to my problem because it provides the list of methods in the KDTree class that allow me to query the data set to look for: nearest neighbor, and even find all pairs of points within a radius. This enables me to identify nodes within a specific geologic range and cluster them together. First I would need to figure out how large of regions I want to cover between range intervals.

#Mini-Abstract of [Overview of KDTree]
This resource provides an extensive overview of KDTrees and is useful in understanding exactly what KDTrees are and how they are formed. This link provides descriptions of the different operations that can be done on KDTrees, an explanation of the math involved in computing range searches, variations of the KDTree, as well as complexity comparisons between the KDTree and other sorts. The description of KDTrees that this resource provides is summarized in the above section: About KDTree. If I am going to use a KDTree to structure my data, I need to fully understand the underlying structure of the tree, how it is constructed, and simply how to use it. This resource serves as a great supplement for learning about KDTrees which is essential towards using a KDTree to solve my problem.
